Lingling, say something.
I have something urgent, I'll hang up first.
Lingling, I've told you before,
pay attention while we're kissing,
don't be distracted.
Sir, the matter you asked me to handle last time,
the marriage arrangements are completed.
Good.
According to regulations,
your marriage to Miss Ji
registration will be publicly announced at City Hall for two weeks,
to ensure that no one objects
to this marriage.
But the public notice period is actually
just a formality.
Let City Hall withdraw the public notice.
Okay, sir.
Lingling, from today onwards,
you have a new identity.
What do you mean?
Mrs. Huo.
Mrs. Huo?
From today onwards,
the two of us are legally married in the
Italian Republic.
Legally married? Did he
already complete the procedures?
Is Huo Jiu Ling really so
omnipotent?
He didn't even need my
consent or approval to get married,
what am I going to do?